Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good morning.
Jessica Freeman: How's it going,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, how are you
Jessica Freeman: Background noise
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, hi.
Hey,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's happening.
Jessica Freeman: Same old, same old.
Jessica Freeman: Um, well, I, I spoke with my employer at the beginning of the week, right after the weekend. The first thing Monday morning, and I asked for an unpaid leave of absence.
Jessica Freeman: Resuming when we go to the office or when my son can go anywhere, soon as he can go somewhere, then I can work, but it's just not working. They were great about it and
Jessica Freeman: It's cool. So, yeah.
Oh, wow.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so now you feel less stressed.
Jessica Freeman: Oh my god it feel like a million pounds just been taken off my shoulders. Yeah. And I got both my federal and state tax returns yesterday. I didn't know they were going to post so soon, but cool and I got the stimulus check coming and I've
Jessica Freeman: Applied for unemployment, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, good. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I'll be fine like financially. I'm actually you know I rent this house from my mom and her husband. So I've actually like paid ahead. I'm good until June.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's good stuff was thinking ahead for sure. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, and you know, I've been wanting to open a savings account forever, but like I never get they want you to go into the bank and I you know who's got the time for that, you know,
Jessica Freeman: So I've never done it, but I'm hopeful. But now, maybe they'll let me start a savings account online since of all this stuff. Everything's online and then I can transfer from my checking to my savings.
Jessica Freeman: Just from my phone, which would be really nice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Very much so. It is definitely a luxury to be able to do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are things with your mom.
Jessica Freeman: Pretty good.
Jessica Freeman: She, she's released from her stress as well because now, like when I need her. It's not all the time. It's not for long stretches of time. So she's, she's doing well with that she and Bob has been great.
Jessica Freeman: Bob Braves the stores, he goes out with his gloves and his mask and gets everything that we need
Pretty cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely was your son not adjusting very well to going over there.
Jessica Freeman: Oh yeah, no, it was, it was, he was like he got to the point where he wouldn't even get in the car. Like, he's like, I know you're taking me to Nana's and I don't want to go, I just want to stay home with you.
Jessica Freeman: And well, like, I love that it's still like I know it's not really healthy but back before we were here all the time like he he loved to go to the neighbor's house and he loved to go to school.
Jessica Freeman: And I'm sure he'll love to go out again soon as all this is over. But for right now he wants to be at home with mommy.
Jessica Freeman: And he's
Jessica Freeman: A happy guy. He's cool. He's just been a perfect angel. I really can't complain.
Jessica Freeman: He started to look like a rag a muffin.
Jessica Freeman: No haircuts.
Jessica Freeman: But haircuts are awful. Anyway, they're so bad for him. It's like
Jessica Freeman: It takes three people to hold them down.
Oh, wow.
Jessica Freeman: And he just screams and cries and he's like traumatized. The whole time and I feel terrible. But there's nothing really. I mean, I've done everything I can do, I tried everything that there is try he hates people mess him with his head.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, that's his preference, you know, to me,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: definitely so. How have things been going with your online meetings.
Jessica Freeman: Pretty good, actually, um, yesterday you know how I said that there were some indie meetings, you know, Indianapolis meetings that I was able to participate in. Yeah, so
Jessica Freeman: The day before yesterday, I got a text from somebody that was in
Jessica Freeman: Well, let me just describe it to you. Okay.
Jessica Freeman: You know there are a lot of rooms have a
Jessica Freeman: And then this particular room.
Jessica Freeman: Is where I got sober like it's the place where I found everything that I needed and those people feel like my family.
Jessica Freeman: You know, it's not like the women's meeting where where I feel like you know there's some cattiness going on and politics and all that stuff. No, it's just like the real love of a
Jessica Freeman: Was in this room and I used to go to all the time, it was downtown on monument circle. So I would go on my lunch hour and back when I was in the recovery house.
Jessica Freeman: It was on the bus line so like I always went to that meeting for years you know it my ups and my downs through the good and the bad like those are my people.
Jessica Freeman: And they had. I haven't seen since December, because when I went back, it wasn't, it was over a weekend. It wasn't during the week, so I didn't get to go to that meeting because I wasn't there on a weekday.
Jessica Freeman: So it was just so wonderful to meet with them yesterday. Oh my god. Like even know. Like it was so good, like so, good to see everybody's faces and like lots of love and they all miss me and they love me. It was great.
Jessica Freeman: It was a big blessing and they're they're doing it every Wednesday. So I'm gonna it's at 10 Wednesdays at 10am for me noon for them.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, it was great.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's really, really good. I'm glad you got to connect with them.
We do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how's the rest of it going still engaging still
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I'm not going to say that I do it constantly. I mean,
Jessica Freeman: I'll go to a meeting, maybe every other day.
Jessica Freeman: Not every day.
Jessica Freeman: But then on the days that I don't do a meeting, you know, I'm on the phone with somebody or
Jessica Freeman: I'm listening to like speaker meetings on podcasts and you know I'm staying plugged in, it's just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That
Jessica Freeman: Some of the online meetings.
Jessica Freeman: There's just so impersonal. There's, like, you know, 250 some odd people in there. But yeah, I am still doing it, it's just, it's not how I get what I need.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah but but it's part of what I need, I need to hear people talk about this stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Jessica Freeman: And we're all commiserating you know I mean not commiserating as very positive. It's not like a bitch best like people think it is, but we are all in the same boat. We're all having to stay home and suffer through this or yeah I can't even imagine being a healthcare worker right now.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, life. I couldn't do it.
Jessica Freeman: There's no way
Jessica Freeman: I mean, I'm not good with blood and like people, the old people.
Or
Jessica Freeman: People
Jessica Freeman: I mean, I just wouldn't be very good nurse.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is so funny. How did you on our video people get into a zoom room.
Jessica Freeman: I don't know, dude. The all the paid subscriptions. I mean, you can have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As many people as you want.
Jessica Freeman: I guess somebody doing it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Jessica Freeman: A lot of people are doing it. There's some big ass meetings.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That it's just crazy.
Jessica Freeman: It is. That's why I like the ones where your people I know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Makes sense. I would do if I were you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Jessica Freeman: So something big happened yesterday and kind of emotional
Jessica Freeman: Um,
Jessica Freeman: It's good though, I think. And so finally I get up, we had. Okay, so when I first moved when we first moved here I enrolled him in Albuquerque public schools.
Jessica Freeman: Here by known as APS and then we had to go through this whole like we had to have an IEP meeting to transfer his old IEP stuff into his
Jessica Freeman: Like an APS IP, but nothing had changed, even though his old IP was from like 2017 so he underwent all these evaluations weeks and weeks, months and months and then we got his
Jessica Freeman: His IEP meeting on the books right after the shutdown. So like it would have happened on March 18 and school shut down on like march 13
Jessica Freeman: So anyhow,
Jessica Freeman: So after the like the the government, they're putting out all their stuff about what they're doing and blah, blah, blah. I sent them an email and I said, Hey, it looks like IEP meetings can be held over zoom. Can we do this.
Jessica Freeman: So we got that on the books and we finally had the IEP meeting yesterday, and it was good, you know, um, but I had to make
Jessica Freeman: I had to make a really tough decision. I've had him in this charter school
Jessica Freeman: And I haven't been confident about my decision with anything like it was it was going to be APS special ed it was going to be a horrible Charter.
Jessica Freeman: Or it was going to be ABA therapy and I had all these options. I do all this research and I made a decision I send them to the charter school and I have not been confident about that decision at all because
Jessica Freeman: Asleep. He just needs more services. He just needs.
Jessica Freeman: More
Jessica Freeman: But anyway.
Jessica Freeman: So we had this IEP meeting yesterday, and we were talking about like what services are available for him right now. And what about the coming months.
Jessica Freeman: And so it turns out that the APS special ed is offering stuff.
Jessica Freeman: Right now, actually, right now, like they've been working on it and effective this coming week like Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, they're going to be rolling this program out and
Jessica Freeman: It's going to be, it's going to be like 30 minute sessions online, like a zoom meeting or Google meets once a day, every day Monday through Friday, but she's she gives me a list of like all the stuff that I need to be able to help him with like his crafts and
Jessica Freeman: Like learning activities and they're really short engaging learning activities that he should be able to pay attention to.
Jessica Freeman: You. She is prepared that you know he'll run he'll come back. He'll be all over the place. But we're going to do our best to try this E learning. And I think it'd be really good for him.
Jessica Freeman: So I switched in schools. I decided against the charter school and I switched him to APS and he's like, I gotta get him enrolled like today, and then also over the summer. They have this program if they get to go back into the classroom in June.
Jessica Freeman: Which, you know,
Jessica Freeman: New Mexico is doing pretty well as far as numbers, you know,
Jessica Freeman: So maybe he'll get to go back to school in June, who knows, I don't know. I'm ready doing now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But
Jessica Freeman: But yeah, they have this social emotional class that he'll be able to go to where it's very text heavy and he has to use different methods of communication to get anything that he wants in the class, which I think will be really motivated for him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, that's good.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, so I feel like I made a sound decision for him, but it was hard because I really love the charter school and they've been so good to us and it's just it was just a really hard decision to make. But I do think it was the right one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, those are always tough. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know the great part about it is if you find out that it wasn't you get the opportunity to re evaluate it. You know what I mean.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah well coming months. It's definitely it's like the only option charter schools not doing anything. They don't have a special ed stuff set up an
Jessica Freeman: ABA I've had him on the waitlist for ABA he's going to stay on the waitlist Rabia, but now with the coronavirus stuff. How much longer is that going to be, I don't know.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah. So, at least that's that's brewing and then when they call me and say, Oh, we have an opening however many months down the road. That is, you know, I can, I can look at how he's doing and
Jessica Freeman: And see what is best at the time, but I definitely feel like this. This APS special ed is best right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's really cool. So he'll be able to get online every day and have projects to do work with somebody on the other end.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's gonna be cool for him.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I mean, it's not going to be easy. It's going to be a big adjustment. He does not have a 30 minute attention span for, you know, like FaceTime, and this kind of thing, but hopefully he'll be into it.
Jessica Freeman: We use my laptop, because it's not touchscreen, and I need him because he thinks everything is touchscreen
Jessica Freeman: You know, he walks up to the TV. And he's like, you know, and I'm like that way. So we're going to use my laptop. That way you know he didn't know how to use a keyboard.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: You can't mess it up to bed right
Jessica Freeman: Swipe the teacher off the screen and be like, What's watching tube.
Jessica Freeman: That's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So funny.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And smart kid.
Jessica Freeman: He is. And it's funny, they tell me he's cognitively between the ages of seven and 22 months. And I'm like, you don't know him. You don't know anything about him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Seven months and one is 22 months.
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: But you know when they do this testing for the kids.
Jessica Freeman: You know okay with autistic kids when they go to ABA therapy they spend weeks pairing with them, building a rapport building a relationship to where they have instructional control with him.
Jessica Freeman: When you go to a test for, you know, three or four hours he didn't care about you. He's not gonna listen to anything that you have to say he's gonna cover is yours and go the other way.
Jessica Freeman: You know, you got to spend the time to
Jessica Freeman: Develop that rapport with him pairing. It's important, but they don't do that. So they see a little boy that's over in the corner, holding his ears going, la, la, la, la. And they tell me he's cognitively below.
Jessica Freeman: Not the case, but whatever. At least we'll get lots and lots of services.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's crazy.
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: It's pretty hard to read that stuff and be told about your kid when you know it's not true.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Go ahead.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's like, you know, they have him for the certain amount of time. They don't spend all the time with them like you do, you know, so they don't know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When it'd be different if they went into his environment and just monitored and watched
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What he did, how he interacted with things throughout the day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I bet you would be a whole different
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know result.
Jessica Freeman: I agree. And you know what they're doing now they're trying to do these evaluations over a zoom meeting.
Jessica Freeman: That would never work. There's nothing about that that would work. Nothing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's crazy. But that you know they're trying to utilize the tools that they have and do the best that they can do and I get that to you know but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's almost a disservice. In a sense, because they're not going to get an accurate.
Jessica Freeman: Exact picture.
Jessica Freeman: I was hard. I had a long conversation with the special ed coordinator at charter, the day before the IEP.
Jessica Freeman: And she was saying like they should just not do any testing right now because it's just it'll be too skewed, you know, just not accurate. It's better to know testing them to do wrong testing.
Mm hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I agree to very much
Jessica Freeman: Even though the testing was shitty. I'm glad we already got it done. You know, it was shitty. It was shitty but it was shitty in Indiana to they just don't have the time to be able to spend to really get an accurate read on these kids. It's a major investment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which they should be doing.
Jessica Freeman: Sure. Now is a very dangerous word. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know it is
Jessica Freeman: Don't shut all over yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know, hey, what would you think if I pulled together a group of moms.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With autistic kids.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For this, yeah.
Jessica Freeman: You know more than me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I have other clients that also are in the same boat that you are as far as, you know, no services at this moment, you know, that have autistic children and just trying to adjust to, you know, having to have them you know 24 seven
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As a support group, not as a therapy group, but just as a support group for each other.
Jessica Freeman: That'd be cool. My only concern is that we would is that most people would be inclined to sit around and bitch about it and I don't like to do that.
Jessica Freeman: Like
Jessica Freeman: I can relate
Jessica Freeman: It's just, I don't know. It's too tempting to just be like, oh, and this sucks that sucks it oh my leg is crap. You know, it's just too easy to do that. I would. I don't know if it's a support group. It should be about support.
Jessica Freeman: Right, not just whining and complaining
Jessica Freeman: About right i don't know this, but other moms.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can be dying of
Like
Jessica Freeman: You know the mom competitions. Oh, I only feed my son, you know, organic and granola nuts and berries and you know if my kid wants to eat Oreos, and go fish.
Jessica Freeman: But like that, you know, I'm not gonna compete. I don't like to compete with other people like that. And a lot of moms are like that. But I mean, hey, I got an open mind.
Jessica Freeman: And an open mind.
Jessica Freeman: I've just had some experiences like this in the past they haven't turned out well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, if I'm in a group to and we facilitate it to where it is a support. You know what I mean and bouncing ideas off one another and having a place that you can talk to somebody else.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And get different ideas from each other, that, you know, you might have information that one of the other moms, don't you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They might have information that you don't. But just be able to have the ability to talk to other moms, that and the other moms that I have in mind there's only a couple. You know, there's three that I work with that have autistic kids and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know all of all three of you guys are in the same boat. It's sitting at home, having to be with you know with the babies with no services being provided at this moment you know and be able to talk to somebody that knows
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because they're living it to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you think about going into a group of people that have no idea because they're not living it
Jessica Freeman: They got typical kids are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, the typical kids. It doesn't even compare. I'm sorry. Like there's just, yeah, I like your idea. I mean,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If it turns out to be a bitch session, then we can completely stop it, but
Jessica Freeman: Definitely. Well, if you're there to like moderate, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, cuz you know how women are
Jessica Freeman: They are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I sigh now.
Jessica Freeman: I'm too old for that should
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hey, there's no time in the day, for it is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's like, no way.
Jessica Freeman: It's senseless drama, like how crappy is your life that's that's like what you have to. That's your entertainment is to be a snotty bitch.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's like, no, thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. And I'm I really try to stay as resolution focused as I possibly can. You know what I mean, I really try to stay out of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My life is is a horrible mess type of thinking because in reality you know that's not the truth, you know,
Jessica Freeman: There might be some things that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are tough.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But it doesn't mean that they're not fixable or they're not doable, or you know that I don't have the power to change it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I'm. That's what I'm hoping.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm
Jessica Freeman: I prefer to stay on, you know, the resolution side as well. And if I if I'm not like solving a problem I it's I still just kind of want to be neutral about it, you know. Yeah, just I don't like to get into that negative headspace because it just no there's no point
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There is no point, that's the thing. You know, when we get stuck in negative headspace, you know, it ruins are art, it's wasting time it's ruining you know a great opportunity to find something that's positive and good and resolutions.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Even if there's
Jessica Freeman: nothing that can be done. You know, like that happens. Since
Jessica Freeman: There's nothing that can be done.
Jessica Freeman: And that's okay.
Jessica Freeman: Just sit in a place of acceptance about it. Yeah, and that's okay because like I'm a badass to be able to do that.
Jessica Freeman: I don't have to react and I don't have to, you know, do all the things that I used to do. I don't have to be like that. And there's a power in that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There is a power.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very, very much.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know, the other the other couple ladies, you know, they have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One of them has good time to in recovery. So she's been a recovery for a while as well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's how so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, big time. And the other one, actually. She's been in recovery for a while, too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Work. You know what I mean it's, I'm thinking about. I'm like, wait, all of us every single one of you ladies.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, I've got some good time so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not like it's somebody that's brand spanking new to recovery that still going through the initial process of stabilizing themselves, but it's for a
Jessica Freeman: While man yeah it
Jessica Freeman: Takes a while to really get a clear perspective on all like the person that you are versus the person that you want to be.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I'm much more the person that I want to be today than I ever have been
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Pretty amazing.
Jessica Freeman: It is, isn't
Jessica Freeman: It. I mean, I was
Jessica Freeman: I was at the edge there man like I was the end of the line.
Jessica Freeman: And I could never have imagined that I'd be where I am today.
Jessica Freeman: That's a God thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is very much so.
Jessica Freeman: Lucky to fly do
Jessica Freeman: This to me outside money.
Jessica Freeman: Back friend, you can go
Jessica Freeman: Need to take him to the vet.
Jessica Freeman: It's not an emergency or anything. That's why I'm going to wait. But he needs to go to the bat you guys nails done on
Jessica Freeman: Medication refills.
Jessica Freeman: Beautiful day in Albuquerque.
Oh, yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, it's 40 frickin degrees in Indiana right now. Okay.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, they have shale last night.
Jessica Freeman: And my apple tree is blooming. Can you see it.
Jessica Freeman: Yes, my apples very
Nice.
Jessica Freeman: I'm pretty excited
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, fruit tree before
Jessica Freeman: They all my fruit trees in Indiana.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because the snow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The weather. Yeah, they committed it.
Jessica Freeman: So I talked to my son Brendan, my older
Jessica Freeman: Um, he you know how much you mean like that. Dean's List nomination thing.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, he had to go through some interviews, if he was going to make this state list or whatever. I'm not clear on the Details button. You went to these interviews and he did not make state. So what I told him was
Jessica Freeman: It's amazing that you were nominated to begin with, like that sets you apart from the rest. And he said, this is not the last opportunity, you're going to get. And when the right opportunity comes along, it is already yours.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What did he say about that.
Jessica Freeman: He's a teenager.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know but
Jessica Freeman: No, actually, he didn't know he was just like, cool things move
Jessica Freeman: You know, he's a teenager he doesn't talk unless he's talking about robotics.
Jessica Freeman: Robotics. That's it, and his whole season is cancelled. He's never going to go back to school with his friends in Indiana and he's moving to Texas and he's bored and he hates his life.
Jessica Freeman: So I'm just trying to do what I can.
Jessica Freeman: Love him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's tough with a teenager, for sure.
Jessica Freeman: Yay. My prescriptions are free now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's really good. Hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Amazing have been just things just kind of pulled together.
Jessica Freeman: Well, it was not without work.
It was a lot of work.
A lot of work.
Jessica Freeman: But it's worth it. You know, if you don't work, you don't get the rewards.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it's absolutely right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so. So tell me what you've been doing. Are you doing book work. What are some of the things that you were going to do this week.
Jessica Freeman: Oh, Mark.
Jessica Freeman: Get my handy little notebook here.
Jessica Freeman: Okay, I looked for my planner, but I couldn't find it. But I'm going to keep looking. And with the structuring of the schedule. I have to say that now that I'm not having to work from home.
Jessica Freeman: And I it's occurred to me that the structured schedule for key and it doesn't exactly work like that.
Jessica Freeman: So I'm going to do less less like structuring by hours. But, you know, now I'm I'm free to like if there's a task. I want to get done.
Jessica Freeman: Like I started going through all my paperwork, the other day, so I could sort it like a habit sorted. But then I had like a stack of new stuff that needed to be
Jessica Freeman: Sorted and then little things to follow up on like I need to call the Department of Workforce solutions today. I need to submit his dis enrollment to coral charter and get him enrolled at Dennis Chavez.
Jessica Freeman: And, you know, stuff like that. So like I have my list of stuff to accomplish. But I can't wait predict his mood and since I don't have to work and
Jessica Freeman: Thank the Lord. I was so stressful, Rebecca. It was so stressful trying to like every minute of my available time trying to like get something done for work, you know, now I can actually get stuff done around here and feel good about like boxes to unpack maybe my planners in there.
Jessica Freeman: Keep up with BRENDAN Yes, I talked to Brendan several times this week.
Jessica Freeman: Email bosses I email my bosses about taking an extra week to let key and adjust to the schedule like right after I talked to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You last week and then you
Jessica Freeman: Know, by, by the first part of the week, I was like, okay, yeah, no, this is another word.
Jessica Freeman: That you say can I connected. I am doing that.
Jessica Freeman: I had a good luck. I'm having good long conversations with my friends. I'm going to meetings.
Jessica Freeman: even talk to my brother, of whom I am not a big fan.
Jessica Freeman: I attended a pure romance party.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nice.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah. Yeah. Actually, I think I'm going to buy myself a little something.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Cool.
Jessica Freeman: Been a long time. I think I was married to Brendan's dad. The last time I bought myself something so I'm going to do that. I got the money.
Jessica Freeman: Good savings account. I did not give my dog a bath. He still needs about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, he's like bath. I heard that.
Jessica Freeman: Oh, he hates bats.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like
Jessica Freeman: He has lupus and like in
Jessica Freeman: Like in his fingernails his nails get really brittle and they they fracture and they break off and
Jessica Freeman: The snow and the ice in the rain and all in Indy were always really hard on his little pause. So getting his feet wet causes him pain.
Jessica Freeman: Oh, because I'm a lot of pain and then he sits and licks is pause for hours trying to make them feel better. So it's been a while since you've had a bath. He needs one
Jessica Freeman: That I always like rationalize not doing it because I don't want his little pause to be hurt.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In so he's doing better be in New Mexico.
Jessica Freeman: Oh, much. Oh my gosh. He loves it here. Hey, if you're going outside put shoes on your shoes on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's okay, don't worry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my gosh. She's adorable.
Jessica Freeman: Thank you. His hair is getting crazy.
Jessica Freeman: Know when we had the IEP meeting, like the first one. When we first moved here, Kim was with me, and we like the speech therapist and the preschool teacher and OT at the APS school loved him. They were like, Oh, I can't wait to work with him. And then I chose the charter school
Jessica Freeman: They were so disappointed. So yesterday when I made the switch. They were like,
Jessica Freeman: And he really is he such a sweetie pie. This will be so good for him.
Jessica Freeman: You need to sweat shirt, bud. What's really cool is he can play in the backyard, and I don't have to go out there, because it's completely secure. It's like got a
Jessica Freeman: Like a concrete brick wall its way my and offense that even I can barely get in and out. Oh.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, and I can watch them through the windows so it's pretty nice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I bet and I bet you he loves it to being able to get out and run and just get some sun and
He digs in the dirt.
Jessica Freeman: Which is fine and I bought him a water table. So he loves that he loves water but no water until this afternoon because it's too chilly.
Jessica Freeman: Will do water later. All right. She just sweat shirt.
Okay.
Jessica Freeman: Put that down here. Put that down and that doesn't go outside this stays inside
Jessica Freeman: Good job.
Jessica Freeman: Awesome.
Jessica Freeman: Stays in season.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
That's okay.
Jessica Freeman: IPad plugged in windows open
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Jessica Freeman: I love my life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Pretty amazing. Oh.
Jessica Freeman: Really is. I mean, okay. So I've been watching you know we're all binge watching course. So I have been watching Sex in the City from the very beginning.
Like yeah
Jessica Freeman: It's, it's interesting because, you know, I was a lot younger when that show was live
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Jessica Freeman: So now I'm watching it as a woman who's gone through these transitions of age and relationships and you know babies and all that. And I have a completely different perspective now.
Jessica Freeman: I can relate to a lot more of it than I ever did before.
Jessica Freeman: You know, especially like the cynicism about relationships.
Jessica Freeman: That I've always thought that Samantha is a giant whore, and my opinion remains the same.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's funny.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Some people though, you know, it's really like that. And some people just, you know, they equivalent
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sex with intimacy. You know what I mean. And they're always looking for something that you know they need to give themselves.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I told you about the neighbor guy right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, what's been happening with him.
Jessica Freeman: Nothing. Same. Same stuff he's we just check in the driveway every now and again. So nothing, really. But I like it. I like it. Just like that. I like talking in the driveway.
Jessica Freeman: And I'm fine with that for a while, especially until all this virus stuff is over.
Jessica Freeman: You can't wait for us to
Jessica Freeman: I know tired of it. The days are so long.
Jessica Freeman: It's like by five o'clock I wish it was bedtime.
Jessica Freeman: If it were, were time in Indiana, it would be dark at five, and I could go to bed.
Jessica Freeman: But I love the sun. I love the fact that key. And I can go on walks and we can go outside and play and yesterday or the day before. I can't remember they're all running together.
Jessica Freeman: He went bananas house for a few hours and you know they open their pool. So it was still too cold to get in it, but he did everything but getting it like wrestled and, you know, got to speed in in splashing and played in it gave grandpa the workout really
Jessica Freeman: It's just so awesome.
Jessica Freeman: We didn't have. We didn't have anything like this in Indiana.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Weather
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, the weather is shit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Up. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you just wallet.
Jessica Freeman: You have the iPad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: secluded
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: From society. It's not even funny.
Jessica Freeman: That's that doesn't sound funny. That sounds
Jessica Freeman: Hard and emotionally challenging
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, that I love. Well, remember that I work all day. So I'm with people all day.
Jessica Freeman: That's exhausting.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Connection with the kids on the phone continually
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I get to see people from a distance were just totally okay with me and once in a while go in and go to the store, but I'm good with it right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely don't have the
Jessica Freeman: Gun
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely don't have the one or the desire or need to get sick, that's for sure.
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: And I've, I've been keeping up on everything so that I can
Jessica Freeman: Tell my parents what to do.
Jessica Freeman: You know, like
Jessica Freeman: This is what I want you to do so that you keep safe and you don't get sick. And this is what you're doing. And I guess I've been a little demanding about it, but I think my parents, appreciate it.
Jessica Freeman: They like yeah i care and I you know I keep up on it, I watched the updates. I try not to inundate myself with it because it's just too much, you know, but I do like to stay up on the latest recommendations and information about you know what surfaces that last song for how long.
Jessica Freeman: You know, what is the CDC recommending
Jessica Freeman: How is it spread. Yes, I've watched some stuff. And I feel like I'm feel like I'm good.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, there's more to life than then what's going on, you know, that's for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely a lot of people are, you know, just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So stuck in in the news about it. And that's all they do all day long, which causes anxiety and depression and stress and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All those things that, you know, we absolutely don't need
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any more of
Internally
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I was going to say, you know, with the way that things are right now. It's like taking an opportunity to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To have the vacation that you never thought you were going to be able to get
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. Spend time with you know that the family do things at home that you, you know, we put off forever because we never have time to do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, doing those things, but really appreciating the fact that when life starts up again. It's just going to be busy. You know, it's just gonna be insane and, you know, then at that time. We're going to be like, oh,
Jessica Freeman: I missed the group.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I wish that I could go back and, you know, but just really to end this what I've been telling everybody this is a perfect opportunity to do that these that you have not been able to do because life is so crazy, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Like finish unpacking
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Finish unpacking, you know, rearrange the furniture, get the cobwebs cleaned out of the corner, you know,
Jessica Freeman: I have some money. Now, I would like to get some patio from
Jessica Freeman: I don't have any. I just have a patio with nothing on it. You know, I would like to have some place to sit and relax and have dinner or, you know, sip iced tea.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely.
Jessica Freeman: I want to get me some patio furniture.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can have it delivered
Jessica Freeman: Yeah. That's what's up. Well, it's hard it i think is having a patio furniture sale. So yeah, I'm going to do some online shopping i mean i i got all this money yesterday, and I'm not, I'm not gonna lie, Rebecca is a significant amount of money.
Jessica Freeman: Good, so I you know I paid mom and Bob for everything that I oh and up in advance so that I'm covered until June. I'm going to save a good portion of it. And then I want to do a little shopping don't
Jessica Freeman: Don't yeah deserve it. Okay, I ever shop ever going to get some shoes. I'm gonna buy a new swimsuit yes patio furniture me some shoes for kids to
Mm hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know, me too. I am an online.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: junk. Yeah, I just, yeah. If I need something i'm gonna i'm going to Amazon or I'm going to find it where it can be delivered, that's for sure.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah. Other Amazon delivery times are like
Jessica Freeman: Big
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Big time. Big time. I will, you know, didn't realize that Easter was Sunday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I went online to to get my, my daughter something for Easter and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They don't even have the beginning
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Delivery until like a week and a half after I was like, well, that's, that's just not gonna work for me it's just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I got, I want it now, I want my kids to have it now. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: That's how we are
Actually
Jessica Freeman: tins great grandma on his dad side. Her name is Manny BB BB she and I have a really good relationship and she sent us something for Easter. I'm going to show you
Jessica Freeman: fours.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Jessica Freeman: Little cakes.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's really cool.
Jessica Freeman: Isn't it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I'm so bad about birthday cards and holiday gifts.
Jessica Freeman: So bad about it. Oh, now that I have some money. I should send Brendan a birthday present because I was broke over his birthday should send him something
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm gonna do that equal
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And don't tell him.
Jessica Freeman: Why I gotta check and see if he has a Venn Mo, or like
Jessica Freeman: How I need to send it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's really cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: make his life better and easier while he's going through the changes, he's going through
Jessica Freeman: So bad for him. He's got a great attitude about it. Actually, let me let me read you what I wrote him about because
Jessica Freeman: He has he's okay he's very sensitive
Jessica Freeman: His dad is very
Jessica Freeman: Like brash like bull in a china shop never recognized Brendan's tender little sensitive heart and he's not nice. Okay.
Jessica Freeman: Scott is the worst freaking worst. So Brendan. Okay, I said.
Jessica Freeman: I've been thinking about how you might feel with robotics being cancelled, not being able to go back to school with your friends before you move
Jessica Freeman: It breaks my heart for you, son, and he said, it does suck. But I can't be upset about it or it'll mess up any successes, I get in Texas. That sounds like Scott
Jessica Freeman: So I said, that's true. And it's a great attitude wallowing in self pity never helped anybody
Jessica Freeman: I know you're stronger than me and I know you will get through all of this and come out even stronger. But for me, when I have to deal with something that brings me emotional pain.
Jessica Freeman: I've learned that it's important not to stuff that pain because it will find another way to surface.
Jessica Freeman: Another way that is usually pretty unhealthy like anger or resentment or something else that's ugly and not likely to help with my emotional health
Jessica Freeman: I've learned that I have to deal with the pain sometimes having to just sit through it sit with it, but the ability to do that is bad ass and it makes me a better person.
Jessica Freeman: When my pain is really extreme I just take it bit by bit and process through it. There's a saying how do you eat the elephant. One bite at a time.
Jessica Freeman: Wink, that's what helps me after decades of dealing with my emotions in a myriad of unhealthy and destructive ways today. I can deal with them. Just like how I've described, and it really helps so much
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Love, that's pretty powerful.
Jessica Freeman: You can't really say anything, but I don't expect him to him. I just
Jessica Freeman: I, you know, I'm a parent. I want him to benefit from my from my experience and hard
Jessica Freeman: Yes. And I've learned so that he doesn't have to
Jessica Freeman: Go through all that I did.
Jessica Freeman: Mm hmm. And I also know his dad like we are polar opposites.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How long were you in his dad together.
For years,
Jessica Freeman: Together for two before we got married, married for two and then splitsville at the age of 25
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow. Was it your choice or his
Jessica Freeman: Oh my god mine. I couldn't take it was like, I'm 25 years old rolling over in the morning, looking at this guy. I'm like, no, I can't wake up to this every day of my life. I hate this man.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's not good.
Jessica Freeman: Well, Brandon was only two, you know, but the thing is
Jessica Freeman: Like Scott was really truly genuinely in love with me and me. I was an alcoholic, you know, drug addict and I couldn't. I didn't see what I was doing. I didn't understand the decisions I was making
Jessica Freeman: And I didn't care about his feelings. You know, I was using him because I didn't want to go home and live with my mom. So I just
Jessica Freeman: Lived at his house and then I got pregnant and then my family was all like wins the race.
Jessica Freeman: And then he proposed and I was like, okay, but I was fucking miserable. Then I focused on the wedding and I had a big extravagant beautiful wedding and then the marriage was just shit just total shift from day one.
Jessica Freeman: So I left him and he's never gotten over it and he hates me he despises me and he does every single thing that he can to make my life a living hell and I've given him a lot of opportunities.
Jessica Freeman: A lot of opportunities.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: We're good. I mean, bring in 17 you know how long I've been waiting for. Brendan to be this age. Why, why are you
Jessica Freeman: Seriously.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He just turned 17 yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Literally just turned 17
Jessica Freeman: Proud of that kid. I'm so proud of both my kids, Rebecca. They're amazing. Kids are so I know everybody thinks their kids are amazing book them. My kids are actually amazing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I love it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what are we gonna work on this week.
Jessica Freeman: Um, I am down for your support group thing if you want to let me know how I can help.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will figure out a date and time and I have to, like, kind of saw it out of my schedule so that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't get booked.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, in that and I've already talked to my supervisor about it. So she's on board with it too.
And so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I already talked to one of the other ladies and I just need to connect with the other one this week and communicate with her to see if she's interested and then we'll, we'll pull it together and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Check it out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll email you guys when with the date and time. You know that we can start it and I'm hoping some more sooner than later.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I've just got to get the get everybody on board with the time and get it all.
Jessica Freeman: Wide open
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I will let you know about that. I'll probably email you sometime about it. I have supervision with my supervisor here in the next 10 minutes so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll be able to find out a good
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Time you know that is going to work. And what else are we going to work on this week.
Jessica Freeman: I am gonna
Jessica Freeman: I'm gonna continue to stay connected. Okay. All right. I want to be better about stuff like Easter cards and birthdays and shit like that. So I'm going to
Jessica Freeman: Take the time to reach out to people. This week okay Claire what it is. It's like, Hey, Happy Easter. Hey, I missed your birthday, whatever. I'm going to reach out and do those thoughtful things to the people that I care about.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're gonna buy patio furniture and buy yourself a few new things right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. Okay.
Jessica Freeman: This is the best homework ever
Jessica Freeman: All right. Um, yes. And I'm also going to put down here to like
Jessica Freeman: I should try to attend at least one meeting a day. I've got time. I've got the time
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Good idea.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely wind it Wednesday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Solid
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've got that one solid in stone on what you're doing on that day. So that's perfectly awesome, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Quiet please. There's another one on Friday that I just heard about so Wednesdays and Fridays solid
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Awesome. Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. Okay, so you're going to try to go to a meeting a day. And don't forget that. Well, of course, you're not going to forget. But, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your son has his school that's starting so you have that to help him get adjusted to and see how that works, working with him. You know, you gotta, you got a full plate.
Jessica Freeman: And I do
Jessica Freeman: I have plenty to do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Very much so. Very much so. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A lot of new adjustments.
Jessica Freeman: But these are like positive investments. Yeah, these are really good things. I'm going to be able to help my son, and we'll be able to get more done and feel accomplished. And then, you know, strengthen those connections with the people I care about. This is great. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And again, it's a perfect time, you know, perfect opportunity to take this time. And really, you know, develop and put
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: heart and soul into connections with people so that when you do go back to work and life is chaotic and crazy and oh my gosh, you know, you'll still have that. But you'll have that built
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, then you'll be able to just say, hey,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's talk about the day because it was a rough one, you know,
Jessica Freeman: And maybe go maybe go through my like my calendar and put stuff on the calendar like to repeat annually, with the alerts like one week before and that way I can kind of get in a pattern of given up on stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a good idea.
Jessica Freeman: Very much so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Build your calendar.
Jessica Freeman: All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, so you got yourself a handful
Jessica Freeman: I do deliver
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, well, I am going to let you go and do you have an awesome week
Jessica Freeman: Thanks. You too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I will talk to you, probably in the next couple days you'll get an email from me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right.
Jessica Freeman: And we'll go
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: From there, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Have a great week.
Jessica Freeman: You should
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I Jessica.